my last book was all about helping Great
Britain get back on our feet by
providing an injection of common sense
to make up for all the balls of waffle
we've been subjected to in this once
great nation of ours well this time it's
personal
I'm offering to step out from behind the
taps here and try to show you the way
now tell me general reader do you ever
feel like your head is just full up that
your brain has run out of space experts
assert that your brain is like a hard
drive probably through all its canvas
billions of connections there's a limit
to how much you can hold and as you use
up the space in your brain and this is
where my idea comes in an idea I like to
call brain space TM your brain space TM
if you will your brain space actually
deteriorates keep up as you use up the
space in your brain and this is where my
idea comes in and idea I like to cook
brain space to him your brain space TM
if you will your brain space actually
deteriorates it's deadly when I come up
with this concept I tried to trademark
the phrase brain space but somebody had
already beat me to it
however whoever is yeah a trademarked
the phrase brain space not the whole
thing
ie brain space TM so I've trademark that
right which means it's my thing which
I've invented is tickly known as brain
space TM TM so how do I or in this case
you make sure one can free up one's
brain space TM well I have the answer
that's why I brought you up for many
years of watching my regulars Steve
Steve Allen and Steve I've come to
realize that the surest way to release
brain space is by drinking these and ads
can walk into my pub tense blocked up by
the day's work or night in Steve's case
bad back so it drives a forklift for
cash
silent but get a drink or two in them
and they are able by freeing up their
brain space to hold forth on anything
brain space has helped TV celebrity
Vernon Kay who said to me I never
realized my brain had so much space in
it brain space also got a thumbs-up from
astronaut Buzz Aldrin
who said my brain has been to space I
have a space brain you're getting on
brain space GM had a thing or two to
show Steve McClaren who said to me
thanks to brain space I realize exactly
had it run the England team too late now
former US President George W Bush
swears by brain space he said never
misunderestimate how hard it is to be a
president if it wasn't for keeping as
much free space in my brain as possible
it would never have worked out as well
as it did
Westlife are also big fans of brain
space they took time out to tell me we
effectively have one brain between us
and Louie looks after it in a jar along
with the fecking money so if you can
free up brain space TM you'll be able to
think yourself British easily and
painlessly well I see that waffle for me
you'd have to buy the book if you want
to find out anymore so cool what are you
waiting for
click it